[theme music]
[classical music playing]
Hey, did you check
Oh Yeong-in's vitals again?
[nurse 1] Yeah, I checked it a while ago.
I'm gonna go make my rounds now.
-Oh.
-Oh, sorry.
Hey, Hong-do, come with me
and join the meeting.
Professor Yang wants you to sit in.
Okay.
[chuckles]
Hold on, Hong-do,
when did you last wash your hair?
-I don't know.
-[awkward chuckle]
All right, then.
As long as it's not itchy.
You're okay, right?
-Yeah.
-Mm-hm.
[Gyeo-ul] Mm. Room 6008 is Jang Seon-guk
had surgery three days ago,
but his hemoglobin level is too low.
-The vitals looked okay though, right?
-Yeah, Mr. Jang's vitals are fine.
I see that everyone
beat the Friday traffic
and managed to get here on time.
Good morning.
-[Su-bin] Hey, good morning.
-Morning.
You know, we got time
'til Professor Lee gets here.
Shall we go have some coffee?
No, we can't.
We only have 10 to 15 minutes.
That's enough time
for a complete meal, including dessert.
Yeah. I can even brush my teeth.
I can go and get it.
-I can do it.
-Oh, let me get it.
We'll both go and get it.
-[all chuckle]
-I got us some coffee.
-Oh! Oh, my goodness!
-Oh, wow!
Whoa! Nice!
-[Yun-bok] Oh, that was so nice of you.
-[Su-bin] Perfect timing. How did you know
-we wanted coffee?
-What's going on here? Goodness.
[ice cubes clattering]
[crunching]
[chuckles]
Thanks for this. No one wants it, right?
Yeah.
-[chuckles]
-[Gyeo-ul slurps]
[exhales loudly]
[classical music playing]
[slurps]
[classical music swelling]
Mm.
[tires screeching]
-[engine stops]
-[phone ringing]
Hi, Mom. What's up? It's so early.
[Song-hwa's mom] Can I only call you
when something's up?
-Are you at work?
-I just got here.
[Song-hwa's mom] Listen,
I heard my friend's daughter
is going to join Internal Medicine.
Oh, no, I think it's Cardiology.
She's going to be at Yulje.
Initially she was going to work at Jongno
branch after becoming board-certified,
but she's going to work
at your branch first for a few months.
Are you going to see her often at work?
-No, I rarely work with cardiologists.
-[Song-hwa's mom laughs]
[Song-hwa's mom] By the way,
I read another article about you.
It talked about Yoo Gyeong-jin's
interview.
She mentioned your name
and thanked you again.
-[sighs]
-[Song-hwa's mom] She said
-she's doing great without any…
-Mom--
…postoperative complications
even though it was a difficult surgery.
Tell me, was her surgery difficult?
Did it take long? How many hours?
[sighs]
No, Mom. It didn't take long.
I have to go do my rounds now.
I'll call you later.
[Song-hwa's mom] Oh, all right, then.
Bye, dear.
[phone beeps]
-[classical music playing]
-[elevator dings]
Hey there, Professor.
Oh, hey. Are you that excited to see me?
What? I always get excited
whenever I see you.
I think I love you, Professor.
Don't love me. Don't do it.
I'm begging you.
I don't want to.
I have to follow my heart.
-You little…
-[snorts]
[Jae-hak] Is your first appointment
really at 7:50 a.m.?
-[Jun-wan] Yes, it is.
-[Jae-hak] Is that what you'll be wearing?
Oh, my coat!
Oh, whatever, it's fine.
I don't have time.
Director Ju hates it when doctors see
their patients without their lab coat.
Bet you're gonna get an ear full from him.
-Clothes don't matter. Your heart does.
-[chuckles]
Ugh. Take it off.
-What?
-Come on. I don't have time.
[chuckles]
Let's have lunch together.
Sure thing!
Hey, Professor Yang, I just got a call.
Professor Gu Hye-yeong from the NICU
will be 20 minutes late.
She said she has to meet
with Director Ju urgently.
-Really?
-Mm.
Then I shouldn't have rushed.
I didn't even have breakfast yet.
Uh, then why don't we all go and have
a quick breakfast first, Professor?
Something simple. It'll be quick. Hm?
Okay, let's go.
-[Hong-do] Okay.
-Come on.
[Min-ha and Hong-do chuckles]
[Ik-jun] Good morning!
Bonjour.
Buon giorno.
Buenos días.
[Ik-jun] Good morning, everyone.
Um, wait. Are we all going there together?
Well, it's Se-hoon's patient.
Yun-bok is our intern and…
-I should be there too.
-Right, let's go, then.
Uh, the liver resection
was performed seven days ago.
The CT scan looked good,
so we removed the JP drain.
And the patient is eating well.
That's great. And the lab results?
Oh! Everything looks good.
The liver index is at 20.
Hmm. Good enough to be discharged.
[Ik-jun] Hello there!
Next is Han-jun, doctor.
[mouse clicking]
Uh, and, uh, is he here
with his mom again?
Yeah.
[Jeong-won] Hi, Han-jun.
How have you been?
-Great.
-He's been doing well, Doctor.
But he didn't exercise,
so he's gained quite a bit of weight.
[chuckles]
Uh, well, everything here
looks pretty good to me.
Hey, Han-jun,
does your stomach ever feel tight?
Have you ever felt dizzy or anything?
-Uh…
-No, he's never felt that way.
Frequent headaches,
but no dizziness, though.
Uh, but it goes away
as soon as he takes his medication.
[Jeong-won] Oh. I see.
Um, the ultrasound results look good
so there's no need to worry.
But, Han-jun, you still need to lose
a little bit of weight.
You don't like to exercise?
Is there a particular sport you like?
Baseball. He likes baseball.
Watching baseball, not playing it.
Ma'am, you know…
Han-jun can answer these questions too.
Han-jun, tell me,
you're in sixth grade now, right?
Yeah.
Ma'am, why don't we let him talk?
He's certainly old enough
to tell me how he's been doing
and describe his condition himself.
Oh, gosh. No, Doctor. He may look like
a big boy, but he's still a kid.
I'm not a kid, Mom.
What?
Doctor Ahn, my stomach doesn't feel tight,
but there were times
when I would suddenly feel dizzy.
But it wasn't serious
or anything like that.
Um, it's the same way with
my anemic friends.
And as for sports,
I'd rather watch than play to be honest.
I really like baseball. So can I bike
while watching baseball games?
We have an indoor cycling bike at home.
-I'll use it while watching baseball.
-[Jeong-won chuckles]
Sounds good.
As long as you get some exercise.
Here, let's make a pinky promise.
-Okay, I promise.
-[Jeong-won chuckles]
Okay.
So, let's see… I'll see you again…
in three months. How does that sound?
[sucks teeth]
By then, I hope you slimmed down a little.
Okay.
Isn't that a bit too late though,
Doctor Ahn?
I want to bring him here
to see you every month.
[chuckles]
Seeing me often
is not really a good thing.
Han-jun, you're fine with
seeing me again in three months, right?
Of course. Not having to come in
the doctor's clinic often
is actually a good sign,
because it means
the patient is recovering well.
And don't get me wrong. I like you a lot,
but I'm happy that
I don't have to come in so often.
[Jeong-won chuckles]
All right. Let's make sure we don't have
to see each other so often, hm?
Okay.
Oh, Professor Chae. Hello there.
[Song-hwa] Yes, hello, ma'am.
Hello, Du-na.
She's pretty responsive,
and the lab results look good too.
That's great.
Hey, Du-na, do you know
where you are right now?
Where are you right now, Du-na?
Can you tell us?
My head.
My head…
Yes, that's right. You're in the hospital.
Tomorrow, we'll start the rehabilitation.
Let the others know.
-Got it.
-Okay.
As I've explained to you before,
your daughter's Broca's area is damaged,
so she'll have trouble speaking properly.
This condition is called Broca's aphasia.
She understands everything,
but can't form words and sentences.
And although it may take a while,
Du-na's going to recover gradually.
Uh.
We'll begin her rehabilitation therapy
tomorrow, along with speech therapy.
Uh, just as we're beginning
to rejoice in her miraculous recovery,
I'm afraid we've hit another hurdle.
Rehabilitation is a long battle.
It's going to be hard for Du-na,
and to witness her going through it,
it won't be easy for you either.
But to return her to her normal life,
she has to go through it.
Professor Chae,
right now I'm just so grateful
that my daughter is alive and with me.
And I have you to thank for that.
Whatever you say, I'm going to do it.
And it's all right, even if it takes time
for her to fully recover.
I'm still very thankful,
and I think this is a wonderful blessing.
I'll make sure that she sticks to it,
so you don't have to worry
about a thing, okay?
Okay, we'll come up
with a schedule and go from there.
Thank you.
[Du-na's mom chuckles]
[somber music]
[Ik-jun] The patient's fever hasn't gone
down yet, and her blood pressure is low.
To perform the transplant,
we need her BP and temperature
to be within the normal range.
We've given her antibiotics
as well as other medications
to raise her blood pressure,
so we should see improvements soon.
I'm not sure, um,
exactly how long it'll take.
I'm expecting around four to five days.
We'll monitor her over the weekend,
and do our very best
to perform the transplant next week.
Okay, Professor Lee.
Thank you very much.
Then I guess,
when the surgery date is confirmed,
I can come in and check, right, Professor?
Yes, donors usually check in
the day before the surgery.
So once everything is confirmed,
you can check in the day before.
Our attending physician here
will go over the details with you again.
Doctor Lee, I heard this procedure
gets more complicated
if the patient has undergone
surgery in the past
because of a condition called "adhesion."
Will my daughter's surgery
be a difficult one?
Will her case be complicated?
Doctor Lee.
Have you done this many times?
All these transplant surgeries
are difficult to perform.
[gloomy music]
Since your sister underwent
a big intestinal surgery
because of a car accident some time ago,
the adhesion will be severe,
so her surgery will be quite complicated.
It won't be easy to control the bleeding.
But the end-stage cirrhosis has resulted
in a significant deterioration
in her liver function,
so a liver transplant
is the only solution now.
Thankfully, your dad is a match
and has agreed to be her donor,
so we'll be able to do
the transplant surgery.
It won't be an easy case,
but we will do our very best.
I know you must be worried
since two from your family
have to undergo surgery.
But please, let us do the worrying.
So, Ms. An, take good care of yourself
and get ready for the surgery.
Please stay by her side
and continue praying for her health.
We will get through this.
I'm not worried at all.
I have faith in Professor Lee.
Please take good care of her, Doctor.
Yes, of course.
[theme music]
[knocks on door]
Yeah, come in.
[chuckles]
[bright music]
[Ik-jun clears throat]
Dry eye syndrome?
That can be very annoying to deal with.
When did it start?
Not that long. It just started this year.
[sighs]
Jun-wan has presbyopia,
Jeong-won keeps getting headaches,
and Seok-hyeong says
he's been getting back pain.
How's your prostate--
[Ik-jun] What?
Your son is getting married already?
But he just graduated
from college this year.
My point exactly. But he wants
to get married as soon as possible,
-so I said go ahead.
-Oh, my gosh.
I'd rather get it done sooner,
so I can relax and enjoy my life.
Professor Lee,
are you on your way to have lunch?
-Yeah.
-Oh, I won't keep you then.
-Go on and have your lunch.
-All right, I'll go ahead.
Send me a wedding invitation.
-Of course, Professor. Enjoy your lunch.
-[Ik-jun] Will do.
Have a good day.
You know her, right?
No. Who is she?
You don't know her?
She owns the hair salon
in the lower lobby.
Oh.
[chuckles]
She's actually my hairstylist.
Oh, hello! How have you been doing?
[laughs]
-That guy owns the optical shop.
-Oh.
-[man 1] This is a new model.
-Really? That one?
[man 1] That's right.
-Oh, it looks really light.
-[man] Oh, it is.
-It's practically weightless.
-I love the shape of the frame too.
-[man 1] Mm-hm.
-Are there
-different colors for the bridge?
-Yes.
[Ik-jun whistling]
-[staff] Professor Lee Ik-jun!
-[Ik-jun] Oh, you scared me.
Oh, hey there! Have you fully recovered
from your disk surgery?
Why are you back at work already?
[staff] I need to earn a living,
of course. My goodness.
-Oh. Anyway, bye.
-[Ik-jun] Hey, no, wait!
-Don't say bye yet. Hold on.
-[staff chuckles]
Oh, hey! Take good care of yourself.
[staff] I will, Professor.
[Ik-jun] Gosh,
she should really take it easy.
Look, I'm telling you, a side kick can
take a toll on the hamstrings, Song-hwa.
-[chuckles]
-So always make sure you stretch.
[Ik-jun] Oh hey, guys!
-Oh, Professor!
-[Ik-jun and man 2 chuckle]
-[Ik-jun] Have you eaten yet?
-[man 2] Yeah, we just finished.
Hey! So, uh,
what are you guys planting right now?
[all chuckle]
-[man 2] It's a secret.
-[men laughing]
["I Like You" by Jang Beom June playing]
-You're giving it to me?
-Mm-hm.
What's the name of this plant?
I've seen it before.
I think I know what it's called.
We should have dinner together soon.
I mean, come on. It's been so long
since we've seen each other.
You're the busy one, Professor.
I have lots of free time.
Ah. Okay, I promise you soon.
Let's have dinner.
-[man 3] Sounds good.
-[Ik-jun] Have a good day.
[Song-hwa] Who's the guy
you were talking to?
[Ik-jun] The helicopter pilot.
He's our EMS helicopter pilot.
[Song-hwa] Oh.
Jun-wan uses the chopper
for procurement sometimes.
He and Jun-wan are close,
and I've had dinner with them a few times.
[chuckles]
Unbelievable. How do you know
everyone at the hospital?
I've worked here longer than you have,
but you know more people than I do.
Do you want to know why?
It's because they like me so much.
Yeah, they think I'm so adorable.
-[humming]
-[chuckles]
[background chatter]
Now chant your mantra.
All the food here is mine.
[comical music]
No one is going to steal my food.
I'm an intellectual.
[inhales deeply]
Wait, let's add one more line to that.
You should add, "I can chew my food."
-[utensils clank]
-[exhales sharply]
[quirky music stings]
Professor, enjoy your meal.
[Ik-jun] Hmm. Oh, hey, guys.
Enjoy your meal.
-Enjoy.
-[Seok-bin] Enjoy.
[Song-hwa] Eat up.
Oh, uh, enjoy your lunch, Professor Lee.
Thanks. You too, Yong-hyeon.
Oh, it looks like you're done.
[both chuckle]
Thank you.
-Later.
-Mm-hm.
[chuckles]
Of course, you're friends
with the security guards too.
Isn't that security guard
usually at the front door?
[chuckles]
I've never seen him
smile like that before.
I know, right? I've never
seen him like that either.
Why? Did something happen?
Well, he always looks so serious.
He's actually the scariest
out of all the security guards.
He's pretty intimidating.
Yong-hyeon's not that scary.
One night, a friend of mine
stopped by the hospital to see me
and chat with me for a while.
My friend's car was parked
by the front gate
for, like, maybe five minutes.
No, not even five minutes.
But then, wow.
He had this scary look on his face.
He told us to move the car
and said that we couldn't park there.
He's just being a professional.
It was late at night.
And it was on a Sunday.
There wasn't a single other car around.
No matter the hour or the day,
you should always follow the rules.
You were clearly in the wrong.
-[phone rings]
-Yeah.
[clicks tongue]
I'm gonna have a word with him.
He shouldn't have scolded you like that.
Hello, Auntie.
Yeah, I can talk right now.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[U-ju singing]
♪ I look nice and buff ♪
♪ In my red outfit ♪
-♪ I smell deliciously sweet and tangy ♪
-[chuckles]
-♪ I'm a cool tomato, tomato! ♪
-♪ Tomato! ♪
-♪ I will become tomato juice ♪
-Oh, thank you.
-♪ I will become ketchup ♪
-Is that U-ju?
-Mm-hm.
-♪ I will dance, hey! ♪
-♪ I'm a boastful tomato, tomato! ♪
-He is good, right?
Auntie just sent it to me.
He skipped school today
because of a stomachache.
But he's fine now.
He's singing and dancing.
[chuckles]
Hold on. Was it just a lie?
Kids aren't capable of lying, Ik-jun.
Whether they're sick or not,
they always tell it like it is.
I lied a lot when I was his age.
[both chuckle softly]
Oh, goodness.
I hope he only got my good traits.
Any plans this weekend?
I really don't have any plans,
but I'm going to study for a conference.
[sighs]
Too bad. Forget it, then.
What is it?
I'm camping tomorrow
and I was wondering if you wanted to come.
There's this campsite I love going to,
but it's always fully booked.
I checked their website earlier
in case someone canceled.
-And someone actually did.
-[phone rings]
I totally lucked out.
I booked it right away.
U-ju! We're going camping tomorrow!
[U-ju] Really? Wow!
Auntie, I'm going camping tomorrow.
Are you serious, Dad?
Are we really going camping?
Wait, the cicadas haven't even shed yet.
Well, there was an impatient cicada
who couldn't wait to shed.
I got a text from it just now.
[U-ju] But, Dad, we're not prepared.
We don't have plates,
campfire tools, or even a tent.
What should we do?
Oh, that's right.
We don't have camping gear.
-Mm?
-I have everything we need.
[gasps]
Don't worry, U-ju.
My friend has all the camping gear.
She's a camping expert, you know?
She has everything.
Hey, U-ju, what do you want to do
when we go camping?
-What did he say?
-A campfire.
Relax by the fire.
[both laughing]
-He really is your son.
-I know.
[both chuckle]
MOUNT YEONIN CAMPGROUND
B-104
[Ik-jun] This is harder than I thought.
[upbeat music playing]
Move aside, will you?
[playful music playing]
[torch hissing]
[torch hissing continues]
Oh, how sad.
You don't understand the old ways.
We don't have time for that.
Let's get this going so we can relax.
Don't you know that
weekends always go by so quickly?
["Superstar" by Mido and Falasol playing]
[Ik-jun] All right.
[slurps]
Hey.
-Your mantra.
-Don't even bring it up!
It's the weekend. I can do what I want.
Jeez. Your temper's
pretty short these days.
Hye, U-ju, you sure
you don't want any noodles, hm?
Just leave him be, Song-hwa.
He has a lot on his mind.
Why? Did something happen?
He and Mo-ne had a fight last night.
[clicks tongue]
I think they're breaking up.
[gentle music playing]
Oh, no.
[slurping]
[slurping continues]
[Rosa] Are you taking your vitamins?
Come to think of it,
you're probably running low.
I'll order yours when I order mine.
[Jong-su] Oh, don't bother.
You can take all the vitamins
and live a long life.
[Rosa] That's not why I take them.
I just want to stay healthy
and not fall ill.
That way, I can avoid
being a burden to my children.
I'm just going to move
into a retirement home.
They won't accept you
if you're not healthy.
Hey, can't you walk faster?
Slow walking doesn't count
as exercise, you know.
[Jong-su] I'm not doing this
for exercises, Rosa.
Then why are you doing it?
Because you wanted to go out for a walk.
Hey, why do you walk with such
short quick steps? What's that all about?
Who, me? Since when?
I've been noticing it lately.
Whenever I see you walking,
you wobble like this.
I always worry that you would
trip and hurt yourself.
[chuckles]
My goodness.
You're lecturing me on how to walk
when I'm over 70?
-Oh.
-You know, you should
-worry about yourself, not me.
-[phone rings]
[soft chuckle]
Hello? Is this perhaps
the youngest son of Jeong Rosa?
It's a weekend, aren't you busy
with your girlfriend right now?
To what do I owe
the pleasure of your call?
[Jeong-won] Mom,
what are you talking about?
Today is So-yun's wedding, remember?
Where are you right now? We were supposed
to meet at the venue, in the lobby.
-[gasps]
-[Jeong-won] Don't tell me you forgot.
I even texted you yesterday
to remind you. My gosh.
Oh, no. I totally forgot about it.
What time does it start? I'll leave now.
What time is the ceremony?
[Jeong-won] No, you won't make it on time
if you leave Yangpyeong now.
It's fine. Don't stress yourself out.
Just stay home.
I'll explain the situation
to Auntie, okay?
But, Mom, I can't believe you forgot
about the wedding.
[Jeong-won sighs]
How could you forget?
Oh, I know. What's the matter with me?
I wrote it down on my calendar
and even talked to your aunt.
I can't believe
I completely forgot about it.
Why am I like this? What is wrong with me?
[Jeong-won sighs]
Hey, don't worry about it.
It's all right, Mom.
I forget things too, you know.
[sighs]
It's fine. Please don't overthink it, Mom.
It's nothing to worry about, okay?
It's no big deal.
Are you with Mr. Ju right now?
Are you outside?
Mm-hm. Yes, we're taking a walk.
-I see. That's good.
-[sighs]
Have a good walk
and enjoy your dinner, all right?
Thank you.
[breathes heavily]
[Jeong-won] Come on,
it's really nothing to worry about, Mom.
I mean, who isn't forgetful
at your age, right?
-[exhales heavily]
-Everyone's like that.
Don't worry about it.
Just enjoy your walk, okay?
Bye, Mom.
What's wrong with me these days?
I'm so absentminded.
[Jong-su sighs]
Did you have a wedding to attend?
Yes, my youngest niece's.
And she's my favorite niece too.
She wanted a small and simple wedding
with only her family and close relatives.
She even bought me a dress.
I can't believe that I forgot.
[clicks tongue]
Should I go see a doctor?
You know, I had dinner twice yesterday.
When I was having coffee with Mr. Kettle…
[deep inhale]
…after our dinner at the cafeteria,
I got a call from our legal advisor.
He said, "Where are you?
I'm in the cafeteria."
[Rosa chortles]
[both chuckle]
He and I grew up together
in the same town,
so we have meals often. And it turns out,
I ran into him
on my way to work yesterday,
and told him we'd have
dinner that evening.
-[scoffs]
-Mm.
But I forgot all about it
in less than 12 hours.
-[scoffs]
-[Rosa sighs]
[Jong-su chuckles]
[Jong-su inhales deeply]
Here you go.
It's all right.
It happens to everyone,
so don't worry too much.
[clicks tongue]
It's all right.
[birds chirping]
[Jong-su] Beavers build…
What do they build?
A dam.
[chuckles]
You just swore!
[both laugh]
-I tricked you.
-Hey!
[Jong-su] Do you realize
that it sounds like swearing?
-Whoa. Hey! Don't swamp me.
-[Rosa] Goodness. What's wrong with you?
Seriously. You're like a child!
-[Jong-su] Hey! Everyone will hear you.
-[Rosa] Hey!
-Come back here! Hey!
-[Jong-su] Don't shout! Stop it!
MOM
[phone rings]
[Seok-hyeong] Mm.
Hi, Mom.
At the hospital.
[chuckles]
Well, I have a complicated surgery
to perform next week,
so I'm here to study for it.
Yes, don't worry.
I'm having lunch right now.
Yeah.
[chuckles]
I'm on my second bowl already.
Okay, you have a good lunch too, Mom.
[Song-hwa] Well…
I can only say one thing?
Yeah, just one thing.
What's the one thing you'd like to eat
as your last meal before you die?
[groans]
[exhales deeply]
Uh, come on. Is it really that difficult?
[breathes deeply]
[sighs]
[playful music]
Grilled tripe.
Oh, grilled tripe.
Sirloin steak.
Ox knee bone soup.
No, no. Grilled sliced brisket?
Grilled skirt steak!
In that case,
why don't you just eat a whole cow?
Really? Does that count as "one thing"?
[cow moos]
[Song-hwa] Does it?
One whole cow then.
[Ik-jun munching lollipop]
Professor Yang! Professor Yang!
-Hello. How are you, Professor Yang?
-Hello, Professor.
[Seok-hyeong] Oh. Hey, guys.
Looks like you're on duty today.
Yeah, the three of us are assigned
to on call duty.
Hold on a second.
How did you know
I'm on duty tonight, Professor Yang?
You said so, just a second ago.
Aah.
[chuckles]
I think Dr. Chu is the funniest person
I've ever met.
-[Min-ha] What?
-[chuckles]
Oh, I'm sorry, Doctor.
Why are you sorry? It's a compliment.
[chuckles]
Hey, Professor, have you eaten yet?
You should come and join us for lunch.
All right, let's go.
[Min-ha] Okay.
[Min-ha sighs]
I wonder what's on the menu today.
[Seok-hyeong] Probably dumpling soup.
-[Min-ha] Hm?
-[Hong-do] I want seaweed soup.
[Seok-hyeong] They probably have
dumpling soup and kimchi fried rice.
I mean, that's what I saw
in my dream last night.
[Min-ha] Oh, really?
Yeah.
[Seok-hyeong chuckles]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
PROFESSOR AHN JEONG-WON
[phone ringing]
Hey, is the wedding over?
[Jeong-won] Yeah, it just ended actually.
I'm going to hang out
and grab a drink with my cousins now.
Have you eaten yet?
[Jeong-won exhales deeply]
I feel like you're always
working the night shift, Gyeo-ul.
I know, right? Come to think of it,
I might be the only one
who's on the night shift.
And no, I haven't had dinner yet.
I wonder if the cafeteria is still open.
I'm sure it's closed by now.
-[gentle music]
-[chuckles softly]
[whispers]
Let's go. I'll buy you dinner, okay?
But I'm still on duty.
[Jeong-won] Here.
You should have some too.
I already ate at the wedding.
You go ahead.
-Thank you for the food.
-[Jeong-won] It's no problem.
[exhales deeply]
-[munching]
-[chuckles]
Eat slowly, okay?
If you can't finish them,
don't force yourself.
-I can finish all this food.
-[chuckles]
You didn't forget about
next Sunday, right?
Yeah, five o'clock at the cathedral.
Mm.
Mm…
But to be honest,
I can't keep lying to everyone anymore.
All the professors keep interrogating me.
"How's your boyfriend?
Are you still together?
What does he do for a living?
When are you guys getting married?"
I don't know what to say to them.
I'm not very good at lying.
Maybe…
I should just tell them we broke up.
That'd be easier
than avoiding their question.
At least they'll stop
grilling me about us, you know?
[clicks tongue]
Uh, well…
[sucks teeth]
I don't know how I feel about that.
I mean, that's, uh… that's also lying.
Yeah, but it's a white lie.
[both chuckle]
Hmm…
How about this? Why don't we talk
about it when… when I see you next Sunday?
Sure, that sounds good.
I'm fine with anything.
[soft chuckle]
[chuckles]
[both chuckle]
["I Like You" by Cho Jung Seok playing]
-Eat up.
-Okay.
Do you like it?
Mm. Yeah, it's good.
You're clearly enjoying it.
[both chuckle]
I'm sorry. I'm pretty boring.
What are you saying?
You're the funniest person I know.
-You really think so?
-Mm-hm.
[sighs]
I forgot to get groceries.
[groans]
I'm really hungry.
[coughs]
[choking]
[sighs]
[somber guitar music]
[Song-hwa exhales deeply]
[Ik-jun] You know, my mom suddenly
developed insomnia.
She's been taking sleeping pills lately,
which she never used to do.
But she still hates going to the hospital.
I said go, but she just won't.
[Song-hwa] Hm, my mom's the opposite.
She has a hypochondria.
[sighs]
She currently goes to
ten different clinics in her area.
The other day, she complained
about her headaches,
and said she wanted
to get a brain CT scan done.
-[chuckles]
-You can do the scan for her.
She's also worried about her leg cramps
and the heaviness in her calves.
And she thinks her heart
is beating faster than normal.
Her vision's blurry
and she has problems digesting.
If that's the case,
then how is she still alive?
[both laughing]
I know, right? My point exactly.
[exhales deeply]
What can I do though?
I booked an appointment
for her with a neurologist.
I think what she needs is not a diagnosis.
What she really needs is reassurance.
[clicking tongue]
[tranquil music playing]
[Ik-jun slurps, clicks tongue]
[Ik-jun exhales loudly]
What? You're really working
on another paper?
Yeah. This one
will be published in the SCI, for sure.
What's the paper about?
"Why do I get so irritated
when my mom asks me about work?"
-Oh, come on! I thought you were serious!
-[both laugh]
Do you get like that too? So do I.
[Song-hwa] Isn't it fascinating?
Oh, whenever my mom asks me about work,
I get all annoyed,
and I don't even wanna answer.
So I try to get off the phone quickly.
But whenever I do get off the phone,
-I'm overwhelmed with guilt and regret.
-Right.
So I'd call her back again,
and then she'd ask me about work.
And then once again, I get annoyed…
[both laughing]
Cho Jung-hyun.
That's right, it was Cho Jung-hyun.
That was my nickname back in school.
All throughout freshman year, I remember
you practiced "Sad Sea" with your guitar.
[Song-hwa chuckles]
That's a piano song,
why play it with guitar?
Wow, you have such a good memory.
How do you remember that?
[chuckles]
Hey, do you want to listen to "Sad Sea"?
I brought my Bluetooth speaker with me.
-[Song-hwa] No, we can't.
-Why not?
Playing music on a campground
is bad manners.
Then what do we do now?
We'll listen to it some other day.
Besides, it's time already.
Time for what?
Sleep. It's time for me to fall asleep.
Hey, it's still early.
Why are you already sleepy?
Oh, wow, it's past 1 a.m.
Mr. Cho Jung-hyun.
[Song-hwa] Good night.
All right. Good night.
[soft squeal]
Good night, Ms. Chae Song-hwa.
[tent zipper zips]
-[breathes heavily]
-[fire crackles]
[soft music playing]
[tent zipper zips]
All right.
[Ik-jun groans]
[tent zipper zips]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
Hm?
What's under your eyes? Is that makeup?
It looks like a pile of snow.
I emphasized my eye bag,
so that I can look younger.
Uh, Min-ha, you already look so young.
You don't even look like
you're in your mid-thirties.
You really think so?
You know me, I can't lie to save my life.
Yeah, I know. I know that very well.
There's no dishonest bone in you.
You always tell the truth.
-[phone rings]
-[chuckles]
Hey, are you here?
Oh, there's a café on the second floor.
Just wait there.
I'll be there in a minute. All right.
[Min-ha] That's my brother.
He came to see me
because we haven't seen each other
in a while.
I'm gonna go buy him coffee.
[slurps]
Come on.
How can you not see her at least once?
-Aren't you curious at all?
-[scoffs]
I am curious.
But I don't want to
since it will just make her uncomfortable.
That's why I didn't even bring it up.
And her face? Did you see it?
Of course, we even had a quick chat.
She's pretty, very pretty.
Ooh. I really wonder when my son
is going to bring home a new girlfriend.
Like you said before, this time around,
I'm going to stay out of his business.
Whoever he brings, I'll be okay with it.
[gasps]
Oh, my gosh. I'm sorry, ma'am.
I'm so sorry. I'm sorry.
Excuse me.
[whispers]
Hey, don't start.
You hit me just now,
so you owe me an apology.
You're so rude. Where are your manners?
Oh, uh, my apologies, ma'am.
But didn't I just apologize to you?
You call that an apology?
Just saying "I'm sorry" doesn't cut it,
you know?
Oh, it's so easy to say
you're sorry, right?
[scoffs]
Granny, do I know you?
[fast-paced dramatic music]
Why are you even talking to me
so casually?
[soft gasp]
Uh, go now, your coffee will get cold.
Go to the restroom
and wipe that lipstick off.
-It's all over your face.
-[gasps]
You… You're probably younger than my son.
I don't need to be formal with you.
And also, who are you calling "Granny"?
[awkward chuckle]
Yeong-hye.
Come on. Let's go to the restroom.
Doctor, just keep going.
I'll calm her down, okay?
[awkward chuckle]
[Yeong-hye] Where do you think
you're going?
Come back. I'm not done talking to you.
[murmurs]
How rude.
Must you do this at your son's workplace?
Everyone's staring at you now.
[clears throat]
Let's go to the restroom quietly, huh?
Come with me.
Okay, fine.
Oh, my goodness.
Rosa. What if Seok-hyeong
brings home a girl like her, huh?
This is why I can't help but get involved.
What if my son ends up
with a brat like her?
You said you'd be all right
with whomever he dates.
I don't care who it is. Anyone will do.
Except for that woman.
-[sighs]
-[water running]
Rosa, did you see that girl's eye makeup?
What's with that white stuff
under her eyes?
-[thuds]
-[water stops]
Goodness, what kind of makeup is that…
[gasps]
-You should fix that habit…
-Hey!
of talking casually to people.
Is that really important now?
If it's not important
then what is, Yeong-hye?
She didn't mean for it to happen,
and she apologized right away.
Why did you have to be so mean to her?
Did she have to get on her knees
for ruining your lipstick, huh?
Come on, Yeong-hye.
Stop fussing about it. Hm?
Okay?
All right, I'll stop.
-Hm, you win.
-[scoffs]
You know
that I always listen to you, Rosa.
Now, let's go or else
we'll get caught in traffic.
We're still going to your house
to cook some noodles, aren't we?
With the warm anchovy broth
and delicious sauce.
[both chuckle]
Are Mr. Kettle and Mr. Ju joining us?
Yes, they will.
Mr. Kettle will join us later.
And Jong-su went to get his car. Let's go.
-Oh-hoo.
-[both chuckle]
-Goodness.
-Oh, you troublemaker.
[Yeong-hye chuckles]
Hey, Ms. Song,
Choi Myeong-hui's last abdominal X-ray
doesn't look so good.
Do we not ambulate the patient?
It's still too painful to walk,
Doctor Jang.
I kept explaining
the importance of moving around,
but the patient won't even budge.
[Seong-ju's brother] Excuse me.
Who is the nurse who assisted us earlier?
Who drew blood from my sister?
What's the matter, sir?
Is something wrong?
[sighs]
My sister has another bruise on her arm.
Do you know how many bruises she has now?
It happens every single time
you draw blood.
And why haven't you changed
the IV bags yet? I asked you a while ago.
How can I trust this place…
if screwups like these
just keep happening?
Her body is swollen
due to reduced liver function.
Unfortunately, because of this,
we can barely see her veins…
[sucks teeth]
…so it's not easy to draw blood from her.
And from time to time, we've been checking
on her to see how she's doing.
When we checked in on her just now,
the IV bag wasn't empty yet.
And we checked on her
less than three minutes ago.
My father also has a bruise.
But I guess you'll just give me
the same excuse
and blame his veins, am I right?
[inhales sharply]
Listen, miss.
It's all right, I get it.
I completely understand,
but can you please…
just send an experienced nurse
to draw blood next time?
That's all I ask.
But, sir. All the nurses here
are experienced--
Okay, sir, we will. We'll make sure of it.
-Thank you.
-No problem.
That guy's really harsh.
[Ik-jun] So, how are you feeling
right now, Ms. An?
[Seong-ju] I feel good, Professor.
And I'll be fine
for the transplant surgery.
-I got this.
-[Ik-jun chuckles]
You can do it.
[chuckles softly]
Just now, I saw your father.
Everything looks good,
and he's doing great.
So it's just up to me now.
[Seong-ju's mother] Doctor Lee,
please take good care of them.
Two of my family will undergo surgery
at the same time.
I still can't believe this is happening.
If anything bad happens to them…
I won't be able to live.
So, please take good care
of my daughter and husband.
I am counting on you, Doctor.
[Ik-jun] I will.
I'll do my very best.
[door opens]
Doctor Lee.
Oh, why are you here?
You weren't in the room.
I, uh, stepped out to get some fresh air.
Oh.
Listen, Doctor Lee.
You know that before coming to you
we went to every hospital and even
canceled the surgery at Kangwoon, right?
Right, I'm aware.
My friend recommended
a specialist at Jae-an Medical Center,
but we chose Yulje instead because of you.
This surgery must go well, no matter what.
Make sure you go to bed early today,
and don't drink any alcohol either.
Okay, I'll make sure of that.
The lives of two people are at stake here.
This surgery has to succeed,
and I have faith that it will.
Doctor Lee.
You got this.
[chuckles]
Thank you. You should go back inside,
so your mother can get some rest.
Okay, I'll go inside now.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[tense music]
-[Ik-jun] Is the stapler ready?
-[nurse] Yes.
[Ik-jun] Forceps, please.
Stapler.
[clacking]
Metzenbaum scissors.
[breathing heavily]
[Ik-jun grunts]
Removing the liver now.
How's the recipient surgery going?
I'll go check on it, Professor.
[tense music continues]
[machine beeping]
[Se-hyeok] We'll remove the specimen.
[sloshing]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
ELAPSED TIME
[groans]
[Ik-jun] Can I have the Floseal?
[sighs]
The liver is swollen,
so we can't close up the abdomen.
Should we do a delayed closure?
Transplant patients
are susceptible to infection,
-so I want to close it up now.
-Yes, that would be better, Professor.
The liver looks to be in good shape,
and I think the surgery went well.
[Ik-jun] How's the patient's urine output?
[anesthesiologist] Output looks good.
[Ik-jun] Let's try to avoid
another transfusion.
Keep the fluid to a minimum.
We should drain it with some diuretics.
[anesthesiologist] Got it, Professor.
[inhales deeply, grunts]
[Ik-jun] The swelling usually goes down
after reperfusion,
so let's try again in an hour or two.
[Gyeo-ul] All right.
OPERATING UNIT
[Ik-jun] As expected,
the adhesion was severe,
so the surgery was quite difficult.
It's all done,
and we just need to close her up.
At the moment, her liver is quite big,
and her organs are swollen,
so we can't close it yet.
But the risk of infection
will be higher if we leave it open.
It'll be safer to close it up, so we're
waiting for the swelling to go down.
And, well, in any case, we have to wait
to close up her abdomen.
If the swelling doesn't go down
after an hour or two,
then we may have to wait
until tomorrow to close her up.
Doctor Lee, please tell us,
did the surgery go well?
Will my daughter live? I have to know.
Yes, the surgery went well, ma'am.
In fact, we did an ultrasound
to check the vessels,
and the connections seemed fine.
[sobs]
Thank you very much, Doctor Lee.
But if you can't close her up…
Isn't that a really big deal?
Are you sure that nothing went wrong?
Uh, no. Nothing went wrong
with your sister's surgery.
But IV fluids, blood transfusions,
and intraoperative blood loss
can cause swelling in the organs.
Most patients
who receive a liver transplant, uh,
have more space
in the abdomen due to ascites.
In Ms. An's case,
the liver is pretty big for her,
and her condition declined
before fluid could even build up,
so there isn't much space for the liver.
We gave her some diuretics
to decrease the fluid,
so in about two hours,
I think we should be able to close her up.
We can use the surgical mesh
as a temporary measure
to move her to the ICU.
And once the swelling goes down,
we move her back to the OR
to close her up.
But based on my judgment…
it's going to take some time.
But it'd be better to keep her in the OR
until we can close her up.
And because of the immunosuppressants
we used on her,
there's a higher risk of infection.
I see. All right then, Doctor.
Mm. Excuse me.
OPERATING UNIT
[mellow music playing]
-[Gyeo-ul] More warm saline, please.
-[nurse 3] Okay.
-[machine beeping]
-[saline sloshing]
[mellow music playing]
[breathing heavily]
[Ik-jun sighs]
How was it?
We're not quite there yet, Professor.
But the urine output is good.
Let's give the patient
some more diuretics, please.
[anesthesiologist] All right.
Pushing ahead with it now
could result in compartment syndrome.
I think it would be best
to wait a bit longer.
Let's wait another two hours.
-[Gyeo-ul] Okay.
-[anesthesiologist] Okay.
[mellow music playing]
[Ik-jun] Much better.
Let's close it up.
[Gyeo-ul] Okay.
[Ik-jun] Kelly forceps.
[anesthesiologist] The urine output
looks great, and her vitals are stable.
[Ik-jun] That's great, thank you.
Oh, gosh. It's been hours.
You must be exhausted.
Thank you very much for waiting.
[anesthesiologist] No problem, Professor.
[light music playing]
[Ik-jun] Suture, please.
ANESTHESIA DURATION, CURRENT TIME,
ELAPSED TIME
119 RESCUE SERVICES
[siren blaring]
[tense music]
Abrupt change in mental status.
Stupor at the time of discovery.
BP is 160 over 90, heart rate is 60.
BS is 112, within the normal range.
On her way here,
her mental status declined,
so we secured an airway
and gave her oxygen.
[whimpers]
-[Gwang-hyeon] Did she have a seizure?
-Yes, as soon as we arrived here.
I see, thank you. Let's go.
Okay.
[machine beeping]
[machine beeping rapidly]
-Get the defibrillator ready.
-Okay.
[tense music]
[Gwang-hyeon] Go give Gu Se-hyeon an IV
and collect a blood sample.
[ER resident] Okay, I'm on it.
[Gwang-hyeon] How does the CT scan look?
Not good. It's gonna be a case
of brain death.
[sighs]
Call Neurosurgery right now.
Okay.
Is the guardian outside already?
Yes, she's outside now. She's a co-worker.
What about the patient's family?
Uh, well, she doesn't know
their contact info.
[exhales deeply]
[Seong-yeong] Professor,
we have an SAH patient.
But she's in a coma
with no spontaneous breathing.
The pupils are fully dilated,
and she's displaying zero motor function.
She's also had a momentary cardiac arrest.
-What should we do?
-[Song-hwa] I'll come and have a look.
All right, Professor.
[sighs]
As for surgical indications,
I don't think it'll work.
You said she's an organ donor?
Yes, I saw the donor sticker
on her ID card.
How did you explain the situation
to her guardian? Where's her guardian now?
Her co-worker is here as her guardian,
but, uh, that person isn't her family.
Where's her family?
We're currently looking through her phone
to find her family's contact information.
[sighs]
Let's call the coordinator
-and see what she finds.
-Okay.
One of our patients
in the ER seems to be brain-dead.
And there's an organ donation sticker
on the patient's ID card.
Could you please look her up?
[Deok-ju] All right, no problem.
What's her name
and resident registration number?
Her name is, uh…
[phone rings]
-Yes.
-[Deok-ju] We found the patient
in our system.
I've checked her file
that was registered on KONOS,
and I've confirmed that she wants
to donate all her organs.
At the moment,
we're trying to find her family
with the help of KODA and the authorities.
-We should be hearing from them soon.
-Okay, thank you so much.
I have to go check in on Sun Du-ho.
Wait, isn't he Dr. Jong's patient?
Yeah, but he was hospitalized this morning
because of a ruptured disk.
[gasps]
So while he's recovering, I'm going to
take care of his patients for a month.
As well as Professor Kwon's patients.
Goodness. With all those patients,
you're going to be swamped.
It's all right.
[Su-bin sighs]
[Yeong-ha] She's so full of energy.
I know, right?
We have the results
from the PET scan you did yesterday.
The cancer hasn't spread, Mr. Sun.
-Oh, my. Thank goodness.
-Oh, oh!
Thank you, Doctor.
[chuckles softly]
So, just like the CT and the bone scans,
the PET scan shows us
that the cancer hasn't spread.
If it's microscopic,
it may not be detected,
so it won't show up on the PET scan.
However, based on the test results,
I don't think it's likely.
And the size of the tumor isn't big,
so if you undergo surgery as planned
and follow up with the treatment,
then the results will definitely be good.
Uh, I see.
It must have been stressful
to get all those tests done.
Oh, one more thing.
Dr. Jong was just hospitalized
because of a ruptured disk,
so starting today,
I'll be the one looking after you.
But your surgery will be performed
by Professor Kwon as planned.
You're our lucky charm, Doctor.
-[bright music]
-[chuckles]
You're really our family's goddess
of luck. You bring us so much fortune.
-[awkward chuckle]
-[Du-ho's wife chuckles]
-[Du-ho's daughter] Hey, Dad.
-Mm?
This is a good sign.
Don't you think
that she just radiates positive energy?
She's right, honey.
Look, now that we've met this doctor,
I know your surgery will go well for sure.
So don't worry.
Everything will be just fine.
-[Du-ho's wife] Okay?
-Yeah.
I'll go now.
Oh, wait, Doctor.
You'll be assisting
in my Dad's surgery, right?
Please, you have to.
You need to be there
so that my dad's surgery will go well.
Yes, I'm also going to be there.
So don't you worry.
-Thank you, Doctor.
-Thank you.
Oh, Dr. Jang, aren't you hungry yet?
Wanna go to the convenience store?
Mm-hm…
[sighs]
That guy is the patient's brother, right?
Uh…
What does he want this time?
I'm really scared.
[sighs]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
We didn't know she had family so close by.
It took a while for us to find you.
She had a type of stroke called SAH.
There're bleeding that occur in the space
between the brain
and its surrounding membrane.
When she arrived at our Emergency Room
she was already unconscious.
She had a cardiac arrest
when the bleeding started again,
so our ER staff performed CPR right away.
We took a CT scan after that,
her brain is severely damaged.
That's why she's currently in a coma.
From what we can see,
there's no spontaneous breathing,
and her pupils aren't responsive.
Based on those
we're suspecting brain death.
Once it's diagnosed,
most brain-dead patients pass away
within two weeks.
[somber music playing]
We're making sure
all her vitals are maintained,
so just take some time
to really think about
what you want to do
and let us know your final decision.
Our coordinator will discuss the details
and help you with the process.
[somber music playing]
[sighs heavily]
[Deok-ju] You must be devastated
and shocked to hear this news.
I'm really sorry
to have to bring this up to you.
We've already confirmed
her wishes to donate her organs,
but according to the law, without getting
the consent of the patient's next of kin,
the organ donation can't be done.
Medically speaking,
I'm afraid her condition
isn't treatable at all.
I'm really sorry.
And again, I apologize…
but if you decide to donate her organs,
it will definitely save the lives
of many people who are suffering
from various diseases.
It's a hard decision,
but I really hope you consider it.
I need some time…
to think about it.
Will that be okay?
Yes, of course it is.
[crunching]
Hey, what song
are we gonna play this week?
[in sing-song]
"To You."
Damn it. A fucking love song.
[chuckles]
What are you doing this Sunday?
Why? Are you gonna hang out with me
this Sunday?
[mouse clanks]
Oh, no, I actually have other plans.
But, if you're gonna stay home again then…
Then what?
Could you get some groceries?
If you don't want to, I can do it.
I've got plans. I've a school reunion.
What's the song for this week?
[in sing-song]
"To You."
Wow, love song. Nice.
Damn it.
Hey, is the reunion this Sunday?
Hm, let's take your car. Come pick me up.
-Sure.
-[phone rings]
FORMERLY MICKY, NOW IK-SUN
[Ik-jun] Hey.
[door opens]
-What's with him?
-[door closes]
Who called to make him
burst out of the room like that?
I just took a quick glance.
It looked Japanese.
What?
Something like "Fumiko-san."
[quirky music]
What?
Have you arrived?
[Ik-sun] Yeah, earlier. I'm having ramyeon
with U-ju now.
When does the training start?
[Ik-sun] Next Monday to Wednesday
in Yangjae-dong.
Looks like I can't hang out with you.
I have my band practice
and a school reunion.
[Ik-sun] What do you mean?
Why would I hang out with you?
-Don't be ridiculous.
-[chuckles]
Hey, you'd better not
teach U-ju anything weird, okay?
[Ik-sun] What are you talking about?
U-ju and I were just reading a book.
[U-ju] Auntie Terminator, I did it!
I touched my nose with my tongue just now.
We're so cool.
With his tongue? Hey, hello? Hello…
Ik-sun, oh, you little…
Jeez, how did he do it, though?
[somber music playing]
It looks like Choi Jeong-bae
needs a tracheostomy after all.
Call PM and ask for their assistance.
Okay. By the way, Professor…
He still hasn't made his decision
on the donation.
The security guard?
Yes, he's still undecided.
And her vitals
just keep dropping every minute.
Ah, I had a feeling
he'd take a long time to think about it.
Seong-yeong, enough.
I'm sorry, Professor.
I'm sure he has his reasons.
I mean, what do we know?
I'm really sorry.
He actually messaged me
to meet with him just now.
I'll go ahead.
I'll try to talk to him again.
[Deok-ju] I really hate to be
the bearer of bad news, but…
her vitals keep dropping.
We can't maintain it.
If they continue to drop like this,
even if you want to donate them,
you might not be able to
because her organs will be damaged,
and it will be too late.
I'm sorry to ask this of you.
But if you can decide as soon as possible,
it's going to be tremendously helpful
for the patients
who will receive these organs.
I've…
I've made my decision.
[phone ringing]
Hm?
[Seong-yeong] Professor, he's decided.
He's going to donate her organs.
[sighs]
That's great news.
[Seong-yeong] There's a bit of a story
behind it though. I was wrong about him.
What story?
[door closes]
After 30 years, we finally meet.
When I was four, my parents divorced.
Since then,
I heard that she'd lived alone.
A distant relative of mine
told me about it.
[soft music playing]
I didn't even remember my mother's face,
and I had…
no memories of calling her "Mom."
But all of a sudden
I became her guardian…
and was told to decide whether or not
to donate her organs.
The situation itself…
really confused me.
And it's not easy for me to accept…
that I have such a right to choose.
That's why it took me
a while to make up my mind.
But I've decided to think
that it's her last gift to me.
She probably wanted to give me
a chance to do good deeds…
and play my role as her son one last time.
I really believe that's what she wanted.
Hey, Professor Lee.
I made the right decision, right?
My mom's organs…
will save many people's lives, right?
Yes.
With the help of her organs,
she'll save many people's lives.
You're giving them the gift of life.
You made the right decision here.
[sobs]
[somber music playing]
[sniffles]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
So she came to our hospital
to get a VAD implantation for her baby?
Yes, I think so, Professor.
She gave birth at Jae-an Medical Center
at 33 weeks.
And the baby's weight was 1.8kg.
But three weeks after the birth,
the baby underwent the arterial switch
for TGA.
Did you see the chart?
Yes, but the baby is still
on heart and lung support,
so they're using the ECMO machine.
Both ventricles aren't working.
The baby has Grade 3 IVH.
[Jun-wan] Yes, that's right.
And the doctors at Jae-an
suggested a VAD for this baby's case?
Ah, the baby weighs 2.5kg now.
-[mouse clicking]
-[inhales sharply]
-All right. Let her in.
-[I-hyun] Okay.
I'm aware of that.
This is a rude thing to do,
but I can't afford
to worry about that right now.
I'm sorry, Doctor Kim.
No, it's okay. You just want
a second opinion. I understand that.
My baby underwent the arterial switch
for a condition called TGA
and is connected to an ECMO.
My baby also has an IVH.
After careful thought, the doctors
at Jae-an suggested the VAD for my baby.
And I want to do it.
[sighs]
[breathes deeply]
-[both] Hello, Professor.
-Hello.
Oh, rice cakes?
Is it someone's birthday?
Who are they from?
They're all from An Seong-ju's brother.
Really?
Yeah, he stopped by earlier
with rice cakes
and beverages for everyone.
Ooh.
He also apologized and said he must
have been out of his mind these days.
He apologized to all of us.
He even brought Ms. Song
a handwritten apology letter.
Ah, he didn't have to do that.
I have to say,
I resented him these past few days.
He doesn't know what it's like for us.
I thought he was being so unreasonable.
Hey, Yun-bok.
Yes?
You know, this was their third hospital.
The fact that they brought Ms. An here
shows how desperate they were.
Right.
It's something we see every day here,
but I would say that
it's one of the most important
and dramatic moments in their lives.
And that's the moment
when they cross paths with us.
I would be the same way.
Mm. I can't be my sister's donor
because I have hepatitis B.
So then my father, who's over 60,
has to undergo surgery now.
I'd be on edge like him too.
And I'm sure he's well aware of it…
how he came across to other people.
But I bet…
it's not important to him at all.
His family's lives
are at stake here, right?
Why would he care about what others
think of him? It doesn't matter.
So Yun-bok…
Don't ever assume that the patients…
and their families would be unaware
of these things, because they are.
If we were ever in a situation like that,
we would act the same way he did.
And that's why you empathize.
Do your best to understand them, okay?
All right. That's it for today's lecture.
-[chuckles]
-Oh.
Oh, why am I so chatty these days?
I just go on and on.
Oh! Me and my mouth.
-[plastic rustles]
-[Ik-jun chuckles]
I'm really sorry.
I'm sorry, Professor Lee.
Hm?
[breathes shakily]
I've been in the same situation.
[inhales shakily]
I wanted my mom to live so badly,
[sobbing]
I went to see the doctors every day
to yell at them begging them to save her.
But now that I wear the scrubs…
-[sobbing]
-[somber music playing]
…I forgot all about it.
[Yun-bok sobbing]
I'm really sorry.
I'm really, really sorry.
-[plastic rustles]
-[Yun-bok sobbing]
[Yun-bok crying]
What do you think? What's your opinion?
The VAD… will be safe for my baby.
Right, Doctor Kim?
If you want my opinion on the matter…
My answer is no.
Uh…
[mouse clicking]
Look, ma'am.
I don't want to disappoint you,
but based on the record,
your baby is not deemed to be
a suitable candidate
for a heart transplant.
The VAD is a device that works as a bridge
while you wait for a transplant.
But your baby only weighs 2.5kg.
It's not impossible,
but your baby is too small for the VAD.
That also means
it'll take quite a long time
for your baby to find
the right heart donor.
And with the IVH,
it'll be too much for the baby to handle.
Hypoxic encephalopathy is also suspected,
so I'm skeptical about whether or not
your baby is a good enough candidate…
to get a heart transplant.
As you know, after the VAD procedure,
strong anticoagulants will be used.
But with a grade 3 IVH,
it's practically impossible
to use any level of anticoagulants.
It'd be considered a contraindication.
Like I said, your child is suspected
to have hypoxic encephalopathy,
which is also not ideal
for a heart transplant.
Even if we don't do the transplant,
can we at least try the VAD procedure?
If a heart transplant is impossible to do,
the VAD will be a pointless procedure.
[Jun-wan] Listen, ma'am.
Please know that you've done
a lot for your baby.
As a mother, you really did your best.
[sobs softly]
[Jun-wan] There's nothing more I can do…
Theoretically, it may be possible,
but whether it's the right thing to do
for the sake of your baby,
I'm not so sure about that.
Frankly speaking, I don't think it is.
[sniffles]
Doctor Kim.
Thank you for your honest opinion.
I really am thankful.
[sighs]
We've been so torn,
we didn't know what to do.
My husband is also against it.
[somber music playing]
[sobbing]
Thank you, Doctor.
Thank you so much.
-["The Wind Is Blowing" by Lee Sora plays]
-[Ye-gang's mother crying]
[Ye-gang's mother sniffles]
[door closes]
So she's not here to ask you
to accept her baby as a patient.
Right.
[phone ringing]
-Yes, hello?
-[Yu-ri] Dr. Jang, I called to inform you
that we have a new ER patient.
Female, age 60. Traffic accident injuries.
There's no external bleeding, however
the CT scan shows a liver laceration.
I'll head over right now.
The liver is lacerated,
but there's no hematoma around the liver.
The vitals are okay.
Lab results are good too.
Let's wait and see how it goes.
Let's list her as NPO
and move her to the ward.
She's a trauma patient,
so let's check for other injuries, okay?
Also, check for orthopedic
and neurosurgical issues.
-Let me know if you find anything.
-Will do.
[Ha-eun] Excuse me! Excuse me!
Isn't there a doctor around?
My child had a seizure! We need help!
How come no one will help us?
Are there no doctors around here?
[So-ye] Ma'am, please calm down.
Here, follow me.
Please, just calm down, okay?
We just checked on your child earlier,
so please wait just a bit longer--
How much longer do I have to wait?
[sobs]
Please, Doctor.
Please take a look at my daughter first.
I think it was a febrile seizure.
The temperature was 40 degrees Celsius.
What if something bad happens to her, huh?
Please, just check on her again. Please.
Okay, we'll have a look
as soon as we can, ma'am, so please--
When will you do it? I want it done now!
[Gwang-hyeon] Dr. Kim?
[woman sobbing]
It's Dr. Kim. Am I right?
[machine beeping]
I'm sorry, say that again.
Which department is she from?
Pediatrics.
Kim Ha-eun.
I went to high school with her.
She's a second-year Pediatrics fellow
at Jae-an.
I heard she was on maternity leave
after her second baby.
I guess she lives close to Yulje.
[Gwang-hyeon scoffs]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[chuckles]
[retreating footsteps]
[uplifting music playing]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[chuckles]
-["To You" by Kim Kwang Seok playing]
-[chuckles]
[chuckles softly]
[Jeong-won] Here. All right.
[Jeong-won grunts, chuckles]
[chuckles softly]
[engine starts]
[Jeong-won] Let's go.
["To You" playing]
♪ Have you seen my garden? ♪
♪ It's filled with chrysanthemums, roses ♪
♪ And beautiful salvias in full bloom ♪
♪ The door to my garden is always open ♪
♪ And the beautiful scents
Are calling your name ♪
♪ Do you know that? ♪
♪ My childhood dreams ♪
♪ And the beautiful autumn sky
That resembles my dreams ♪
♪ When you come to me ♪
♪ Hand in hand with all my dreams ♪
♪ Through the serene moonlight ♪
♪ I will give you the flower of my love♪
♪ That I grew with my tender heart ♪
CHOGANGDONG CATHEDRAL
♪ My childhood dreams ♪
♪ And the beautiful autumn sky
That resembles my dreams ♪
♪ When you come to me ♪
♪ Hand in hand with all my dreams ♪
♪ Through the serene moonlight ♪
♪ I will give you ♪
♪ The flower of my love ♪
♪ That I grew ♪
♪ With my tender heart ♪
[phone rings]
Yes, hello?
[man] Is this Ms. Jang Gyeo-ul?
-Yes, this is she.
-[man] Is Ms. Cho Sun-yeong your mother?
Yes.
This is Suhan Medical Center in Gwangju.
Your mother is terribly hurt.
Please come here as soon as you can.
[gasps]
We have to go into surgery now.
Can we get your verbal consent?
Su… Surgery?
-[Rosa sighs]
-[keys beeping]
[beeping rapidly]
[keypad beeping]
What was it? What's my code?
[soft grunt]
[keypad beeping]
[beeping rapidly]
[Rosa] What is wrong with me?
-[sighs]
-[beeping]
[beeping rapidly]
[grunting]
[beeping]
[beeping rapidly]
[breathing heavily]
-[beeping]
-[beeping rapidly]
[grunts]
This is my first time calling it
a night without a single drink
at a school reunion.
I don't even feel tired yet.
I know, right?
It's nice to not feel tired.
[phone rings]
MY EVERYTHING
Hey, U-ju. I'm on my way home now.
I know you miss me but hang in there.
[U-ju] Dad, fried chicken!
I want to eat fried chicken.
[both chuckle]
Yes, sir. I'll order
some fried chicken right away.
[Ik-sun] U-ju, can I talk to your dad?
Ik-jun, you on your way home?
There's a tent bar
right across the street.
Can you pick up
spicy jjajangmyeon from there?
Oh, it's too bad they don't deliver.
Ik-jun, don't forget about it.
You hear me?
Yeah, I'll pick it up on the way. Bye.
[somber music playing]
["To You" by Yoo Yeon-seok playing]
[Gyeo-ul] Professor Ahn, it's me, Gyeo-ul.
Something came up,
so I have to go to Gwangju.
I'll tell you more about it
when I find the time.
I can't talk on the phone right now.
I promise…
I promise to explain
everything to you later.
-[sighs]
-I'm really sorry about this.
["To You" by Yoo Yeon-seok playing]
-Have you eaten yet?
-[Gyeo-ul] Professor, I may not be able
to call you often.
And also, I can't text you back
right away.
Sorry about this.
Turn the car around.
We're going to Yangpyeong.
I've been forgetting things
for quite some time now.
[Rosa] Something's wrong with me.
It's getting worse. What should I do?
[Jeong-won] How could I not know
about this? I'm her son!
[Rosa] Song-hwa.
Tell me, it's pretty bad, isn't it?
[Rosa] Jeong-won. Don't worry about me.
[Gyeo-ul] It helps me escape reality
even for a moment.
[Jeong-won] So live everyday
to the fullest. Okay, Mom?
Oh, yeah. I do want to go to Mount Seorak.
It's been over 20 years since we went.
We're not gonna climb
the dinosaur ridge, are we?
-Are you're taking next Tuesday off?
-[Jun-wan] Mm. It's my mom's birthday.
[Min-ha] Look, Min-ha,
you've got one more chance.
Just one more change and that is it. Hm?
Mm.
[bright music fades]